back in the book segment tonight as we
told you in the Talking Points Memo
Hillary Clinton has some problem she
must deal with in her campaign for the
presidency Jennifer Martin Charles
Krauthammer who follows these things
very closely do you expect mrs. Clinton
to win I expected to win the nomination
hands down it won't be a coronation
there will be a worship service at the
Democratic convention but I don't expect
her to win the general election really i
think it's close I'd give her somewhere
under a fifty percent chance but I think
if the Republicans can put up a dynamic
candidate bacon I think she's easily
beaten okay she's easily beaten why what
is it about Hillary Clinton known by
every voter doesn't have to establish
herself as far as who she is why do you
feel that you'll be defeated that's a
problem doesn't have to establish
herself as to who she is people know who
she is the Bloomberg did a poll just a
few days ago thirty-nine percent of the
electorate said they will definitely not
vote for her about seventeen percent say
definitely yes eighteen percent probably
yes so you do the math 39 no 35 yes
probably but told bit deceiving means
because the thirty-nine percent that say
they're not going to vote for they might
have over anybody so you can't you can't
do math based upon somebody is a phantom
but but what is that in your mind you've
watched this woman as have I since she
entered politics what is her number one
deficit what is it about her that voters
the thirty-nine percent don't like I
think it's two things actually the first
is the glaring in authenticity when
people hear or speak they go way back to
the 90s they hear all the parsing of
words they hear the whole Clinton litany
and they get instantly fatigue that's
the thirty-nine percent the other thing
is she's old I don't
mean chronologically I mean politically
she's been around longer than anybody in
the field and there's a sense that the
country wants renewal particularly after
eight years of one party in power
historically if you go back to
Eisenhower only once has a party held
the White House for two terms and then
won it again in the third yet I was
Reagan and Bush the elder I was a reward
that was a reward for the most
successful presidency of the
half-century I would not categorize the
Obama presidency as the most success but
here's the fascinating question how does
Hillary Clinton handle Barack Obama on a
campaign trail hey she needs him she
needs him he's got to get out there but
be she can't really run on his record
particularly overseas she can't run on
it so she's got to either repudiate his
record which tilty him off and he'll
stay home or she's got to embrace his
record which is chaotic overseas so what
does she do she will hug the middle she
hugged do them either she will do
neither she will she's a very clever
politician she knows how to use words
she will say that we're in the right
direction things some things have not
gone well they need to be improved upon
she looks she started her campaign
yesterday talking about helping ordinary
Americans and middle-class the Fallen
median wages it's been catastrophic
under Obama she is going to do this
head-on it's not as if she's the first
person to run on the coattails of a
president who's not popular Hubert
Humphrey 1968 Al Gore 19 2000 it's very
hard to do the only one who's really
successfully navigated that was george
bush senior in 1988 but it's going to be
fascinating country how she was
successful premium i don't i don't
expect her to do much media I don't I
don't expect her to to put herself into
the tough you know answer the question
madam I expect her to run on she's a
grandma touchy-feely I
first woman in the White House it's her
legacy come on gals let's get out there
and for the old gender give me a G give
me a give me an N give me a D give me an
e give me an R I expect all of that but
when it comes down to brass tacks you
know policy she can't answer the
questions because it will run right up
against as you rightly rightfully
pointed out the failed policies of
Barack Obama and you know it's it's
hugging the middle is not easy Charles
you ever try to hug the middle it's hard
to get your arms around the middle
particularly when the middle is
expanding here so much because we have
sunshine us I don't hug the middle
because I don't like the middle but I'm
not running for the presidency after a
president who hasn't been successful
look I think this election the general
is going to hinge far more on the
conduct of the Republican that on
Hillary Hillary is predictable it'll be
applauding campaign she will not make
egregious errors she'll make the
occasional error the press will cover
for her as it does always yes it'll be a
huge attack on Republicans but it will
depend not on her she can't remember
Republican has gotta take owes her got
to take it to her that's for sure
Charles Krauthammer everybody factor tip
today my trip to New Mexico some
interesting things happen the tip
moments away